Update to LLVM 19 (#5)
skeru/libVersioningCompiler: CMakeLists.txt

  set(VC_DEPS_EXTRA_LINK_FLAGS "${LLVM_LFLAGS}")
endif(ENABLE_CLANG_AS_LIB)

if(ENABLE_JIT AND NOT ENABLE_CLANG_AS_LIB)

>   message(WARNING "JITCompiler requires Clang-as-a-library. Disabling JITCompiler")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(WARNING "The JITCompiler implementation requires LLVM/Clang integration, which has been disabled. JITCompiler is being disabled.")
```

  set(VC_LIB_SRC
      ${VC_LIB_SRC}
      ${SRC_PREFIX}/CompilerImpl/ClangLibCompiler.cpp
      ${SRC_PREFIX}/CompilerImpl/ClangLLVM/FileLogDiagnosticConsumer.cpp
      ${SRC_PREFIX}/CompilerImpl/ClangLLVM/LLVMInstanceManager.cpp)

  if(ENABLE_JIT)
    list(APPEND VC_LIB_SRC
            ${SRC_PREFIX}/CompilerImpl/JITCompiler.cpp)
  endif()

  set(VC_LIB_HDR2 ${VC_LIB_HDR2} ${VC_LIB_HDR_PREFIX2}/ClangLibCompiler.hpp)

  if(ENABLE_JIT)
    list(APPEND VC_LIB_HDR2
            ${VC_LIB_HDR_PREFIX2}/JITCompiler.hpp)

>   endif()

Reviewer: These two `if` can be merged

Author: fixed in [c781515](https://github.com/skeru/libVersioningCompiler/pull/5/commits/c781515fa80507deedc8db01594ccf571865b2bd)

#----- Sources

# It does make no sense building it if there is no LLVM, given that the JIT implementation relies on LLVM.

> if(ENABLE_CLANG_AS_LIB AND ENABLE_JIT)

Reviewer: I would prefer to automatically set `ENABLE_JIT` to `false` whenever there is no LLVM, and only use one flag here.

Author: makes sense to set `ENABLE_JIT` automatically to false if i don't have ClangAsLib. On the single flag issue: what about llvm 18 and 19 where I can have it but i don't have JitCompiler, as it has not been ported

Reviewer: Clang as a library should be tested in the other test file, not here.
We can base this condition only on `ENABLE_JIT`.
